Michael there are so many people out
there with your background and I guess
they're proud but they're really
you ever heard of the Romanovs of course
the Russian royal family yes I'm a
descendant I'm a Romanov and you're just
pretending I'll never understand why
people are dressed its history this is
all I want for the line to continue well
I think that boil blood dilutes over
time but the poison survives sometimes I
really wonder where you came from so you
ruined her life because we're from a
long line of rich aspirants you still
feel sad in the middle of diskette penis
uddi Russia that was your snobby idea of
what a family looks like what are you
talking about I think I finally
understand why you are anywhere you are
and let it's not your fault
to the prince and princess is that right
yeah
you